{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21120\viewh13520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Global Scale 
\b0 \ulnone 	
\fs26 			
\i Enables all parameters of a fence to be scaled globally. 
\i0\fs24 \
\
\
This can be found towards the bottom of the Inspector within Global Options.\
If 'Scale Interpolation Also" is selected, the interpolate distance, will modify the number of in-between posts, and keep the width/height ratio the same to preserve the rail shape. \
Leave this unchecked if you don't want the number of posts to be affected.\
\
\
\
\
\

\b\fs30 \ul Gaps 
\fs26 \ulnone 						
\i\b0 Gaps & breaks can now be specified within a single fence.
\i0\fs24 \
\
\
'Allow Gaps' must be selected in order to use gaps, and can be found towards the bottom of the Inspector within Global Options\
\

\b Gaps as you build: 
\b0 control-RIGHT-clicking will mark the section between the previous post and your new click-point as a gap. \
\

\b Gaps after fence was created
\b0 : enable 'Show Move/Delete Controls' (at the top of the Inspector), then control-RIGHT-clicking on the yellow markers will toggle them to gap/closed. (Be careful not to control-LEFT-click, as this deletes posts -- though they can of course be re-inserted)\
\
Three blue lines will be drawn in the editor to show these gaps. These can be disabled with 'Show Debug Gap Line', though it's recommended to keep it on, as without it it's difficult to see if you're looking at lots of separate smaller fences, or a single continuous one with gaps.\
\
Note: Trying to create two consecutive gaps will merge them in to one larger gap as it doesn't make sense for AFB to store multiple lots of nothing.\
As ever, if mistakes are made while experimenting with gaps, posts can be easily re-instated by control-shift-clicking with the left mouse button in the usual way.\
\
\
\

\b\fs28 \ul Create Merged-Mesh Copy\ulnone    	
\i\b0\fs26 'Finished AutoFence' folders now contain a Utility script to permanently combine mesh groups\
\

\i0\fs24 Pressing 'Create Merged-Mesh Copy' (on the top level of the Finished AutoFence folder) will create a copy where the mesh groups are permanently merged. The size of the groups is optimised for drawcalls within Unity's 65k per mesh limit. You won't normally need this as there is a combine script attached to each group anyway. Useful in situations where you wish to remove the combine script.}